What a big breath
They are blue dragons
White Tiger Suzaku Xuanwu
The presidents of the four major gangs are here
Zhangye, today is your day of death
You came just in time
The fault of the son not godfather
Since your education is not good
I'll do it for you.
Arrogant Zhangye
Who are you?
The young gang leader of the four major gangs
A gangster can provoke
Kid, let me go
If you have it, you will be a corpse.
You take your feet off now
You can still save your daughter's other leg
What I hate the most is when people take it
My family threatened me
kid
Last warning you let me go
Ok listen to you
Uh-huh.
My lifeblood
Crispy, my egg is broken.
Dad, you must help me get revenge
Don't worry.
When will my white tiger ever be so angry?
Boy, how dare you hurt my son
Come on, knock him down and dismember him
presumptuous